Not yet.
Yes, you've got to make it up to her.
I know, um, I will.
All you care is work.
Don't toggle you, go see your wife.
Terry, what's a good reunion gift for my wife?
Perhaps we should get a ladies' opinion.
Well, Mr. Windsor, have you ever gotten a gift for your wife before?
No, I didn't get the chance.
But I want to make it up to her.
My mother-in-law owns a lot of handbags.
I suppose rich housewives love them.
Can't go wrong with a nice handbag.
I'll leave that to you.
Be the best one you can find. My wife deserves the best.
Yes, sir.
Lillian, word of advice.
Know your place.
What do you mean?
I mean, don't cross the line. As you can see, Dexter loves his wife.
Relax, Terry.
Mr. Windsor is just my boss. I took this job to support my kid.
Good. Just my mixture.
Sir, this is where Madam lives.
You want me to call?
No. I'll go talk to her myself.